docs: Document Trusted Hosts validation and input formats (#699)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

* **Valid Domains** - A list of domains allowed to communicate with your Mautic instance. In the text box, list the exact URL of the top level domain you want to allow, one per line. For example: ``http://www.example.com`` tracks any activity on non-secure example.com pages, but ``https://www.example.com`` won't because this is only tracking on a secure ``https://`` website.

> * **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where you installed Mautic, such as ``mautic.example.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?example.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?example.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss please address this. Let's use another word here so we don't repeat 'example'.

```suggestion
* **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where you installed Mautic, such as ``mautic.example.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For instance, ``.*\.?example.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?example.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.
```

> * **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where you installed Mautic, such as ``mautic.yourdomain.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?trusted.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?trusted.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss please address this. Let's use the same URL example for consistency.

```suggestion
* **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where you installed Mautic, such as ``mautic.example.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?example.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?example.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.
```

> * **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where your Mautic is installed, such as ``mautic.yourdomain.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?trusted.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?trusted.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.

Author: Updated based on the merged PR validation logic in `ConfigType.php`. The code first checks for valid domain names using a domain regex pattern, then tests remaining values as regex patterns. The tooltip and help text from `messages.ini` confirm users can enter plain domain names (e.g., `mautic.yourdomain.com`).

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16006

> * **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where your Mautic is installed, such as ``mautic.yourdomain.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?trusted.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?trusted.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss please use active instead of passive voice.

```suggestion
* **Trusted hosts** - Explicitly allow hosts that can send requests to Mautic. Enter the domain name where you installed Mautic, such as ``mautic.yourdomain.com``. Separate multiple hosts with a comma. You can also use regular expressions for advanced matching, which Mautic encloses with ``/`` delimiters. For example, ``.*\.?trusted.com$`` becomes ``/.*\.?trusted.com$/``. If left empty, Mautic responds to all hosts.
```

>   Mautic validates your input during the save process. Invalid domain names or regex patterns trigger an error message.

Reviewer: Address the Vale warning here. Use 'regular expression' instead of 'regex'.

>   Mautic validates your input when you save. If a value isn't a valid domain name or regex pattern, you'll see an error message.

Reviewer: Let's remove "will" and use active voice.

```suggestion
  Mautic validates your input during the save process. Invalid domain names or regex patterns trigger an error message.
```

  .. caution::

>       Incorrect settings can prevent access to your Mautic instance. Getting locked out requires manually editing the database or configuration file to fix the setting.

Reviewer: Include a blank line between the directive and the content, and indent the content by three spaces for admonitions.

```suggestion
  .. caution::

     Incorrect settings can prevent access to your Mautic instance. Getting locked out requires manually editing the database or configuration file to fix the setting.
```

>       Setting this incorrectly can prevent access to your Mautic instance. If you get locked out, you'll need to manually edit the database or configuration file to fix the setting.

Reviewer: Let's remove "will" and reword a bit.

```suggestion
  .. caution::

     Incorrect settings can prevent access to your Mautic instance. Getting locked out requires manually editing the database or configuration file to fix the setting.
```

* **Trusted proxies** - To configure the IP addresses that Mautic should trust as proxies. This setting is mandatory when using Mautic behind an SSL terminating proxy. Separate multiple IP addresses by a comma. i.e ``127.0.0.1, 10.0.0.0/8, fc00::/7``

.. note::

> 

Author: PR #16006 adds validation for the Trusted Hosts field to prevent invalid regex patterns. The PR description and test steps confirmed that plain hostnames like 'domain.com' don't work - users must enter regex patterns like '^example\.com$'. Added examples and caution warning based on the issue #15743 lockout scenario.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16006
